Create Azure workload identity topic (#3122)
astronomer/docs: astro/authorize-deployments-to-your-cloud.md

    
    If you don't see **Google Cloud** as a connection type, ensure you have installed its provider package in your Astro project's `requirements.txt` file. See **Use Provider** in the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/Google/versions/latest) for the latest package.
    
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="azure">

In this setup, you'll authorize an existing user-assigned managed identity to a resource on Azure, then give permissions to your Deployment to assume that managed identity. 

#### Prerequisites

- A [Microsoft Entra ID tenant](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-create-new-tenant) with Global Administrator or Application Administrator privileges.
- A user-assigned managed identity on Azure. See [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?source=recommendations&pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp#create-a-user-assigned-managed-identity).
- The [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli).

#### Step 1: Authorize the managed identity in Azure

> 1. In your Azure portal, open the resource that your managed identity should have access to. Then, select **Access control (IAM)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Azure portal, open the resource that your managed identity needs access to. Then, select **Access control (IAM)**.
```
Does it already have access or are you granting access? Should implies both interpretations make sense.

3. Select the role for your managed identity, then click **Next**.
4. In the **Assign access to** section, select **Managed identity**. Click **+ Select Members** and choose your managed identity. After you add your managed identity, click **Next**.
5. Review and finalize the assignment.

#### Step 2: Configure your Deployment

1. In your Azure portal, open the **Managed Identities** menu.

> 2. Search for your managed identity, then copy its **Object (principal) ID**, **Client ID**, and **Resource group**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Search for your managed identity, click **Properties**, then copy its **Name**, **Client ID**, **Tenant ID** and **Resource group**.
```

> 3. Open the left menu, then select **Microsoft Entra ID**. In the **Overview** section, copy the **Tenant ID**.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove this step given we can grab the tenant ID in the step above

> 2. Search for your managed identity, click **Properties**, then copy its **Name**, **Client ID**, **Tenant ID** and **Resource group** name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for your managed identity, click **Properties**, then copy its **Name**, **Client ID**, **Tenant ID**, and **Resource group** name. 
```

4. In the Cloud UI, select your Deployment, click **Details**, then click **How to Configure...** under **Workload Identity**

> 5. In **Managed Identity**, enter the ID of the managed identity you assigned to the resource. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. In **Managed Identity**, enter the Name of the managed identity you assigned to the resource. 
```

6. In **Resource Group**, enter the **Resource group** name that your managed identity belongs to.

> 7. Using the Azure CLI, copy and run the provided command in your local terminal.

Reviewer: where is the provided command? Is it in the azure UI?

8. After the command completes, click **Close** on the modal in the Cloud UI.
9. (Optional) repeat Steps 4 - 8 for any other Deployments that need to be authorized to Azure.

#### Step 3: Create an Airflow connection

> 1. In the Cloud UI, click **Environment** in the left menu to open the **Connections** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Cloud UI, click **Environment** in the main menu to open the **Connections** page.
```

> 2. Click **+ Connection** to add a new connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **+ Connection** to add a new connection for your Workspace.
```
Seems like we might want to clarify the importance of making the connection at the workspace level so it can potentially be used for multiple Deployments.
